Add note about what is generating `eas.json` (#29901)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/eas-json.mdx

import { BuildIcon } from '@expo/styleguide-icons';
import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

> **eas.json** is the configuration file for EAS CLI and services. It is located at the root of your project next to the **package.json**, if you have run `eas build:configure`. Configuration for EAS Build all belongs under the `build` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**eas.json** is the configuration file for EAS CLI and services. It is generated when you run the [`eas build:configure` command](/build/setup/#configure-the-project) for the first time in your project and is located next to **package.json** at the root of your project.  Configuration for EAS Build all belongs under the `build` key.
```

> The default configuration for **eas.json** generated when running `eas build:configure` in a new project is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default configuration for **eas.json** generated in a new project is shown below:
```
